Docs 7260 Kafka 4.0 (#652)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/kafka/kafka-connector-design-center.adoc

. Click *Create*.
. Click *Go straight to canvas* to exit from *Let's get started*. 
. Click the name of the trigger card.
. If you are using the Kafka connector as a trigger, search for the connector; otherwise, search for HTTP or Scheduler.
. Select the source. +
Kafka Connector provides the *Batch message listener* and *Message listener* as sources.
. To configure the *Consumer*, set the field values:

[%header,cols="20s,20a,35a,20a,5a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
|Name | String | The name for this configuration. Connectors reference the configuration with this name. | | x
| Default Acknowledgment Mode a| Enumeration, one of:

** AUTO
** MANUAL
** IMMEDIATE
** DUPS_OK a|  Defines the way that the Kafka broker instance is notified of the consumption of messages. 

* AUTO: Messages are committed only if the flow finishes successfully. 
* MANUAL: The user must commit manually through the Commit operation. 
* IMMEDIATE: Mule automatically commits the messages upon reception and before triggering the flow. 
* DUPS_OK: Same as the MANUAL mode, but the commit is made asynchronously, which can lead to duplicate records. | `AUTO` | 

> | Default Listener Poll Timeout a| Number |  The time, in time units, spent waiting to do a poll if data is not available in the buffer (fetched). If no value is set, returns immediately with any records that are available currently in the buffer, else returns empty. Must not be negative. |  `100` | 

Reviewer: Need a subject for the second sentence. "If no value is set, the connection request??? returns immediately..."

A unique string that identifies the consumer group this consumer belongs to.

[[basiccon]]
=== Kafka Basic Consumer Connection

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
| Name | Description
|Bootstrap Servers |Comma-separated host-port pairs used for establishing the initial connection to the Kafka cluster. This is the same as the `bootstrap.servers` value you provide to Kafka clients (producer and consumer). If this property is provided with producer and consumer properties files, this value is ignored and the one from the properties file is used.
| Additional Properties | Additional properties as key-value pairs that you need for your connection. Here you can put any property Kafka supports.
|===

image::kafka/kafka-basic-dc-config.png[]

=== Add a Component

. Click *+* next to the trigger card.
. In *Select a component*, search for the connector name.
. Select Kafka Connector as the component.
+
Configure these fields:
+
. Consumer trigger:
+
** Topic - Name of Kafka topic from which to consume messages.
** Partition offsets (Optional) - List of offsets for partitions. For each element in the list, specify a partition index and offset.
+
image::kafka/kafka-consumer-dc-config.png[]
+

> . Producer operation:

Reviewer 2: This is the publish operation, not the producer

+

> ** Topic - Topic to which to send a message.

Reviewer 2: missing partition (number) and headers

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
| Name | Description
|Key Store Type |(Kerberos SSL) The file format of the key store file. This is optional for a client.

> |Key Store Password |(Kerberos SSL) The store password for the key store file. This is optional for a client and only needed if *Key Store Location* is configured.

Reviewer 3: In narrative about UI labels or other program-provided text, GLOBALLY correct "key store" to "keystore":
```suggestion
|Key Store Password |(Kerberos SSL) The store password for the keystore file. This is optional for a client and only needed if *Key Store Location* is configured.
```

Reviewer 3: Also GLOBAL trust store > truststore in nonlable or nonsyntax text

|Key Store Location |(Kerberos SSL) The location of the key store file. This is optional for a client and can be used for two-way authentication for a client.
|Trust Store Type |(Kerberos SSL) The file format of the trust store file. The default is `JKS`.

> |Trust Store Password |(Kerberos SSL) The password for the trust store file. If a password is not set, access to the truststore is still available, but integrity checking is disabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Trust Store Password |(Kerberos SSL) The password for the truststore file. If a password is not set, access to the truststore is still available, but integrity checking is disabled.
```

> |Trust Store Location |(Kerberos SSL) Location of the truststore.

Reviewer 2: No Kerberos support for this version

> |Trust Store Location |(Kerberos SSL) Location of the trust store.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Trust Store Location |(Kerberos SSL) Location of the truststore.
```

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
| Name | Description
|Principal |(Kerberos and Kerberos SSL) https://www.google.com/search?q=kerberos+principal[Kerberos principal].
| Keytab | Path to the keytab file associated with `principal`.

> |Service name |(Kerberos and Kerberos SSL) The Kerberos principal name that Kafka broker runs as.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Service name |(Kerberos and Kerberos SSL) The Kerberos principal name under which the Kafka broker runs.
```

> |Additional JAAS Properties |(Kerberos and Kerberos SSL) Additional properties as key-value pairs that you need to set in the `sasl.jaas.config` file and that you can include in Java Authentication and Authorization Service (JAAS) configuration file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|Additional JAAS Properties |(Kerberos and Kerberos SSL) Additional properties as key-value pairs that you must set in the `sasl.jaas.config` file and that you can include in the Java Authentication and Authorization Service (JAAS) configuration file.
```

> |Additional JAAS Properties |(Kerberos and Kerberos SSL) Additional properties as key-value pairs that you must set in the `sasl.jaas.config` file and that you can include in the Java Authentication and Authorization Service (JAAS) configuration file.

Reviewer 2: No Kerberos support for this version
